fix(nuxt): Add e2e-ci and serve-static targets (#22056)
nrwl/nx: docs/generated/packages/nuxt/documents/overview.md

Once you are ready to deploy your Nuxt application, you have absolute freedom to choose any hosting provider that fits your needs.

We have detailed [how to deploy your Nuxt application to Vercel in a separate guide](/recipes/nuxt/deploy-nuxt-to-vercel).

### E2E testing

> You can perform end-to-end (E2E) testing on static HTML files using a test runner like Cypress. When you create a Next.js application, Nx automatically creates a `serve-static` target. This target is designed to serve the static HTML files produced by the build command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform end-to-end (E2E) testing on static HTML files using a test runner like Cypress. When you create a Nuxt application, Nx automatically creates a `serve-static` target. This target is designed to serve the static HTML files produced by the build command.
```

This feature is particularly useful for testing in continuous integration (CI) pipelines, where resources may be constrained. Unlike the `dev` and `start` targets, `serve-static` does not require a Nuxt's Nitro server to operate, making it more efficient and faster by eliminating background processes, such as file change monitoring.

To utilize the `serve-static` target for testing, run the following command:

```shell

> nx serve-static my-next-app-e2e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nx serve-static my-nuxt-app-e2e
```
